Oh, heroes!
It's the boy who was in
the U.A. sports festival on TV.
I-I'm nervous...
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
You must've at least gone on
patrol at your internship, right?
Oh, was the League of Villains
attack too traumatic?
No, but for various reasons,
I wasn't able to experience the basics...
Really? That's strange, right?
But don't worry!
Sir and Bubble Girl are the ones
actually watching the target today.
We're just on patrol!
I'll teach you a bunch of stuff.
Stick with me!
Even so, why didn't
All Might say anything to me?
...he should have had let Mirio
inherit One For All after all.
There are reasons that make it
hard for me to talk to him.
All Might and Nighteye...
Just what in the world
happened between them...?
Now that I think about it, we haven't
told each other our hero names, huh?
Th-That's true...
I'm Deku.
"Deku? Deck?"
Deku? Deck?
You okay with that?
I am.
I'm Lemillion.
I don't have to save everyone,
but 1,000,000...
Not all, but a million--
That's what I want to do,
so that's why I chose Lemillion!
Once we put on our costumes and
go out into the streets, we're heroes.
Don't let your guard down, Deku!
I won't, Lemillion!
Sorry, that must've hurt.
Can you stand? Are you okay?
She's trembling?
Now, you know...
...you can't go around
causing trouble for the heroes.
Be careful not to let them suspect anything.
No way...
My long work study...
...had begun.
I'm sorry about my daughter, hero.
"Villain - Kai Chisaki - Quirk: Overhaul"
She likes to play around a lot
and keeps getting hurt.
I don't know what to do with her.
Shie Hassaikai's Chisaki...
The man Nighteye is after...
Your hood and mask came off again.
Maybe the sizing's off?
We're sorry, too, for bumping into her.
Oh yeah, my expression...!
My "no way" feeling showed up on my face.
If he suspects anything,
it'll impede Nighteye's work.
With that lovely mask,
you must be from the Hassaikai, right?
You guys are famous around here.
Yes, don't worry about the mask.
I'm sensitive to filth.
It's my first time seeing you two heroes.
Right! We're still new,
so we're pretty nervous.
Now, stand up, partner!
Let's head toward a future
we haven't seen yet!
He's obviously on his guard.
I can't tell him Sir's name.
What agency do you belong to?
We're students!
We're still so new that it would be
presumptuous to identify with an agency.
We're just gaining some experience
in different places for our internships.
Anyway, we need to finish patrolling
this division by lunch. Let's go!
Right!
D... Don't go...
U-Um...
Your daughter... seems scared...
It's because she just got a scolding.
Stop with the extra suspicion.
Let's go!
Wait, but...
This girl... She's grabbed
me and won't let go.
Her bandages don't seem like
they're from playing too much...
She falls a lot.
For such a small child to be trembling
like this without making a sound...
I don't think that's normal...
Please don't force your own "normal"
on other people's families.
Everyone has different dispositions, right?
Stop it.
Chisaki obviously doesn't want you to pry.
If he becomes more cautious,
then he'll be even less likely to show himself.
Let's just let it go.
No, he'll be more suspicious then.
It's unnatural!
A hero wouldn't just let a scared child go.
Once we put on our costumes
and go out into the streets, we're...
...heroes.
What are you doing to this girl?
Jeez, heroes are so sensitive
to the subtle signs in people, huh?
Very well.
It's embarrassing to talk about it.
People are watching here,
so will you come this way with me?
Actually, recently,
I've had a lot of problems with Eri.
She just keeps defying me
no matter what I say.
Abuse...?
Parenting, huh? It must be hard.
Yes, children are hard to understand.
They feel like they can
and will become someone...
They seriously think that...
Huh?
What, done with your tantrum already?
Huh? Um, Eri...?
She's always like this.
I'm sorry you had to
listen to my problems, too.
Sorry for the trouble.
Well, do your best at work.
Wait--
Why...?
We're not going after them.
Didn't you notice?
He showed his killing intent
to pull that girl back to him.
If we chase them too far,
it'll be even harder to catch him.
Let's ask Sir what to do.
Man, even though they're weak,
this is what you'd expect
from the surviving yakuza, huh?
The walls are high and
there aren't many windows...
They live in a nice house.
"Pro Hero - Sir Nighteye - Quirk: Foresight"
It's been a week and a half
since we started watching them.
There are less people
going in and out than usual.
What?!
"Mirio Togata"
"Pro Hero - Bubble Girl"
It's Million... He says they
came into contact with Chisaki...
The young people these days
are sicker than ever.
Chrono, prepare the bath.
Yes, sir.
I-I'm sorry, Boss!
I just took my eyes off her
for a second, and that kid escap--
And clean that up.
Yes, sir.
This is maddening...
They're all sick with hero syndrome...
Sorry! It was an accident!
I never thought we'd run into him
like running into a
transfer student at a crossroads...
No, this was my fault.
We could've avoided this if I'd used
Foresight on you two beforehand.
Anyway, I'm just glad you're all right.
If you'd acted carelessly and made him
suspicious, you might've been in danger.
It didn't seem that scary...
The other day,
as a band of robbers was escaping,
there was a truck accident
that involved some people.
The people involved were Chisaki
and others from the Hassaikai.
But there were zero casualties.
Those from the band of robbers
felt intense pain and passed out,
but for some reason, they were uninjured,
and even chronic ailments like rheumatism
and cavities were completely gone.
They thought this was due to Chisaki's Quirk,
but because they caught
the villains and no one was injured,
there wasn't anything to accuse him of.
But they said that all the money that
was stolen burned up and nothing was left.
The police found no sign
of a crime in that regard,
but either way, it seemed suspicious,
so Nighteye Agency started watching them.
We don't know what they're thinking,
but we do know that they act when they must.
Oh, right, Sir!
I guess this is a lucky break,
but we got some new intel, right?
Chisaki has a daughter!
A daughter?
He called her "Eri."
Her arms and legs were wrapped in bandages...
I don't know anything about her,
but she was asking for help...
If there was any way we could protect her...
Don't think so arrogantly.
That's...
Haste makes waste.
If you rush to chase after them,
then they'll be more likely to escape.
You're not so special that you can save
anyone you want whenever you want.
Currently, we are also requesting
that other agencies team up with us.
First, we must predict
what our opponent will do
and after analyzing it, arrange for
the most complete preparations possible.
This world isn't so lenient that
you can save her with good intentions.
The truly wise villains hide in the shadows.
Know that sometimes, things will take time.
The two of you should
go back to the office today.
Bubble, let's go.
Yes, sir!
And so, the first day of
my work study ended...
...leaving behind a heavy,
unpleasant feeling.
Eri, don't disobey me anymore.
You're the crux of my plan.
Please, don't make me get my hands dirty.
Overhaul, there's a call for you.
It's from Shigaraki,
from the League of Villains.
He said he'd give you
his answer from the other day...
"Katsuki Bakugo"
"Quirk: Explosion"
"He uses a nitroglycerin-like substance secreted on the palms of his hands to create explosions."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 4/20"
"Height: 172 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Spicy Food"
"Beat up..."
What's up with Bakugo? Was he fighting again?
"Mina Ashido"       "Katsuki Bakugo"
Oh, the girls didn't see him yet?
"Denki Kaminari"        "Kyoka Jiro"
Take a look at Todoroki, too.
"Beat up..."
"Shoto Todoroki"
Ah, it messed up his pretty face!
What happened?
Apparently, the provisional
license classes are harsh.
Must be good for jocks!
Stop talking about us like we're not here!
"Tenya Iida"
Class is starting!
Uraraka and Tsu haven't come yet?
They have excused absences, Class Rep.
"Momo Yaoyorozu"
"Hanta Sero"
Of the boys, Kirishima isn't here, either.
Oh, you didn't hear?
All three of them found places
to do their work studies at.
Seriously?!
Hey, how was your work study?
"Minoru Mineta"
Was there a super perverted
female hero there?!
Uh...
Don't talk about stuff
you're ahead of me on!
D... Don't go...
My pent-up feelings got worse...
I couldn't concentrate on my classes.
It's not good
to keep going like this!
"Pro Hero - Midnight - Quirk: Somnambulist"
All Might's out jogging.
You didn't know?
After finishing the home visits,
for some reason, he started working out.
If he's retired, he should just take it easy.
All Might!
Tell me everything, All Might!
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
All Might!
Young Midoriya is here?!
How did you know I was here?
Did you know everything?
That Nighteye knew about One For All,
and that he wanted it to go to Togata?
You knew, didn't you?
Why didn't you tell me?
I wonder... if I needed to tell you...
Of course you did!
All this new information coming at once,
and getting rejected before
I could make sense of it all...!
More than that, I didn't
understand your intentions!
I don't understand why you're keeping it
a secret, so I don't know how to feel!
Why didn't you tell me?
Not as your fan, but as your successor,
I want to know everything!
I didn't think knowing would do you any good.
Do you really want to know?
It's better than having you continue
to keep it secret from me.
Don't regret this.
I won't.
Nighteye had always been a big fan of mine.
It was my policy to not have a sidekick,
but I gave in and allowed him to be one.
We worked together for about five years.
He supported me as
the brain behind my operations.
I know.
I also know you two got along.
Yeah.
But six years ago, we dissolved
our partnership because of my injury.
We valued different things.
That's reckless, All Might.
You should retire.
Everyone's... looking for me...
If they're waiting... I have to go...
If you keep being a hero in that body,
it'll just make everyone suffer.
For the peace that you wish for, too,
you should retire while you're still a legend.
"Pro Hero - Nezu - Quirk: High Specs"
If you're looking for a successor,
you can look as much as you want at my school.
You've worked hard enough.
You can have a good night's
sleep in a nice, soft bed.
Find someone cheerful,
strong, and approachable--
someone like you--and entrust it to them.
And who will be the Symbol
until I find someone like that?
Even if All For One is gone,
someone will replace him soon.
I understand your theory about the Symbol!
I hold it in great esteem.
But... see?
You can't smile at all, can you?
"Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet"
"Pro Hero - Recovery Girl - Quirk: Heal"
I'll say it again.
You should retire.
If you continue with
your hero activities like this,
then I will not support you.
I can't.
I don't want to.
Did you see it?
Didn't I tell you that you didn't
have to use your Foresight on me?
Even if you retire,
the next number one will appear!
Things might get rough for a while,
but we might be able to avoid that!
In that short time...
...how many people will have to be afraid?
All Might!
Besides...
...your Foresight has
never been wrong, has it?
There has just been no precedent!
I will...
...change the future!
At this rate, it'll all go
according to my Foresight!
That can't happen!
I...
I'm here because I wanted
to do something to help you!
All Might!
For the sake of the world...
...I shouldn't be here, Nighteye.
All Might!
If you continue like this,
you'll face off against a villain
and die an unspeakably gruesome death!
We were divided about my future...
Nighteye and I parted
ways after that argument.
Principal Nezu recommended
Young Togata to me,
but before I met him,
I ended up meeting you.
I didn't want to tell you.
Sorry.
Because... you're my fan.
All Might's...
...going to die...
It was thrust in front of me...
...death...
I'd already had a feeling
that it was coming...
I mean, everyone will die someday. But...
...for it to be thrust in front of me
so clearly by the person himself...
Die...
When I met you and decided
to pass on my power to you,
I told Nighteye.
But he opposed me even then...
...and the rift between us grew even deeper.
You're going to pass your power on
to a Quirkless middle schooler?!
He wants to become someone
who can save people.
He can't fulfill his duties
with just his intentions!
There must be a number of
other people who are more suitable!
But a Quirkless middle schooler
is also a suitable person.
He rejected it flat out,
saying it was foolish,
and started training a candidate
he thought was more suitable, Young Togata.
Please, wait!
Wait, All Might!
How far into the future
was Nighteye's Foresight?
Six or seven years in the future, he said.
Apparently, the further into the future,
the less accurate the time,
but what he sees with
his Foresight has never changed.
Then... it'd be this year or next year...!
You're kidding, right?
No... Why...?
I don't want this, All Might.
Live!
Do you remember what
you said at the sports festival?
Our promise?
I want you to tell the world "I am here!"
I couldn't keep my promise!
Please live until I can keep my promise!
Stay alive and watch me
tell the world, "I am here!"
All Might!
Young Midoriya, you know,
when I heard the prediction,
I accepted it pretty readily.
If I could see the finish line--the end--
then I'd run until then.
That's...
When I fought All For One,
I thought that was the finish line.
But you were there.
You--timid, Quirkless you--
and all the days we spent
together affected me.
And those days whispered to me,
telling me to live.
And then, your mother told me
to live and protect and raise you!
After all this time, I'm going to fight.
You changed me!
I will live!
I will twist fate and anything else
into the shape I want with these arms!
I will not die.
I will not be killed.
It won't become the future you imagine!
That's what I have resolved,
All For One.
But after going through all this,
I've reached this conclusion.
In the end, it has turned out
the way Nighteye said it would.
That's why... I can't
face him after all this time...
I didn't want to become a shackle to you
as you ran to get stronger
with everything you had...
Well, it's possible that I've already
twisted fate into the shape I wanted.
Not yet...
We still can't tell if
the prediction has changed...
I don't want this, All Might...
I absolutely refuse it.
I...
No matter what happens to you,
I will twist fate with you!
I'll do my best to not cause you trouble.
Oh, wait.
You should have Nighteye
use his Foresight on you again.
Make up with him so we can see
if the future's already been changed!
Wouldn't that be too convenient?
It's a matter of life and death!
I'll try to bargain with him!
"Fighting Fate"
Wait, young man!
Think about how Nighteye will feel!
What a drab office.
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
I don't like disorderly layouts.
I was made to walk in circles
underground for 30 minutes.
I feel like an ant!
Did you really mean what you said
on the phone the other day?
That depending on the
conditions, you'd join us?
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Kirishima's doing his work study at the
agency of Fat Gum, who's based in Kansai.
One of the U.A. Big Three,
Amajiki, is also with him.
But Kirishima and the others are
caught up in a fight between thugs...
How will Kirishima fight against
an opponent with a boosted Quirk?
Next time, "Let's Go, Gutsy Red Riot."
Kirishima, show them the
results of your intensive training!
"Next time: Let's Go, Gutsy Red Riot"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!